{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}
{\qc
\fi142
Subcontractor Data, By Subcontractor\par}
{\par
\par
\par
\par}
{{\b Project Name: Long Beach Burnett Apartments}\par}
{\par
SUBCONTACTOR: Secure Sheet Metal\par}
{TRADE: Aluminum Siding & Sheet Metal\par}
{{\b \par
\par
\par
Project Specific Scope of Work}\par}
{\par
\par
0000: \tab
Specific:\par
0001: Subcontractor acknowledges and agrees that this is a turnkey contract unless specifically\par
\tab
 stated above. It is agreed and understood that this is a lump sum contract and that there\par
\tab
\par
\tab
 will be no additions or deletions unless a major change in scope occurs and without a fully executed change order.\par
0002: Subcontractor has reviewed all Structural and Architectural drawings and is responsible\par
\tab
 for all Sheet Metal per the plans and specifications unless noted otherwise in the contra\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0003: Subcontractor shall coordinate with all other trades to accomplish all preliminary\par
\tab
 operations including embed sheet metal (reglets, dado, etc) items for the masonry subcont\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0004: Subcontractor shall furnish and install all sheet metal trade work, including but\par
\tab
 not limited to the following:\par
2 Piece Reglet Flashing at Roof Areas\par
Coping\par
Mechanical \par
\tab
\par
\tab
Platform Covers\par
Elevator Vents\par
Trash Chute Covers\par
Roof Threshold Flashings\par
Deck Fla+shing\par
Balcony Deck Flashing\par
Roof Scuppers\par
Roof Overflow Scuppers\par
Balcony Scuppers\par
Downspouts\par
Threshold Flashings at Doors\par
Threshold Flashings at Sliding Glass Doors\par
Podium Deck Flashing\par
Leader Heads\par
Deck Edge Flashing\par
Storefront Sill Flashing\par
Curtain Wall Head Flashing\par
Bath Vents\par
Boiler Covers\par
AC Covers\par
2 Piece Reglet Flashing at Grade Levels\par
Fascia at Pitched Roofs\par
Fascia at Horizontal Projections\par
Break Metal at Windows\par
Fascia with Built In Gutter\par
Window Head Flashing\par
Garage Vent Louvers\par
Metal Siding "Opaline"\par
Cricket Flashing\par
Break Metal at Fire Sprinkler Head Enclosures\par
Fascia at Corridor and Deck Railings\par
Podium to Framing Flashing\par
0005: Subcontractor shall layout and mark all vent shafts and roof penetrations for the\par
\tab
 rough carpentry subcontractor. All dimensions are to be calculated as stud to stud. (Cutt\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0006: Subcontractor shall mark all vent shafts to receive drywall in bright marking paint\par
\tab
 prior to preliminary drywall work.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0007: Subcontractor shall insure that all roof penetrations and terminations are complete\par
\tab
 before any roofing begins. \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0008: Subcontractor shall install work with laps, joints and seams which will be permanently\par
\tab
 water tight and weatherproof.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
\par
0100: \tab
Materials:\par
0101: Subcontractor shall furnish and install all fasteners, solder, mastic sealants flashing\par
\tab
 compound, roofing cement, electrometric sealants as part of this contract.  All sealants,\par
\tab
\par
\tab
 mastics and solders are to meet current SMACNA's Architectural Sheet Metal Manual standards. \par
0102: Subcontractor agrees to ensure compatibility with all surrounding materials for each\par
\tab
 product used.  Material product data sheets must be delivered to project superintendent p\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0103: Galvanized steel to be commercial quality carbon complying with ASTM A 755/A 755M.\par
\tab
 The Zinc coated process shall be per ASTM 653A/653M.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0104: Provide 24 gage minimum unless a heavier gage is noted on plans or code requirements\par
\tab
 for the use specified.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0105: If materials are shown as pre finished in color, all finishes shall be factory baked\par
\tab
 enamel unless noted otherwise on plans. All finish colors will be selected by owner/ arch\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0106: Copings and Parapet caps shall be installed using no exposed fasteners.  Use clip\par
\tab
 and cleat method of fasteners.   Ensure that no water will pond on surface and there is a\par
\tab
\par
\tab
 positive drainage to roof areas, so that no drip marks will stain the stucco or wall faces. \par
0107: Subcontractor agrees to conceal all fasteners where possible, use same metal as flashing/sheet\par
\tab
 metal or other corrosion resistant metal as recommended by manufacturer, match finish of \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
\par
0200: \tab
Safety\par
0201: Subcontractor shall furnish and install all related Trench forms and Protection per\par
\tab
 CALOSHA requirements wherever the depth of the Subcontractor's work is greater than allow\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0202: Subcontractor shall furnish and install all related Fall Protection per CALOSHA requirements\par
\tab
 wherever the height of the Subcontractor's work is greater than 7-feet from a lower level\par
\tab
\par
\tab
 or surface. Subcontractor shall maintain fall protection during their scope of work \par
0203: Subcontractor shall furnish and install all related Safety Protection per CALOSHA\par
\tab
 requirements wherever Subcontractor's work requires Safety Protection.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0204: Subcontractor shall replace and maintain all Safety Protection moved or altered by\par
\tab
 the Subcontractor during the Subcontractor's scope of work. \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0205: Subcontractor shall furnish a copy of the Subcontractor's weekly tailgate safety\par
\tab
 meetings roll call sheets with each draw request\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0206: Subcontractor shall maintain up to date copies of their IIPP (Injury and Illness\par
\tab
 Prevention Program), MSDS (Material Safety Data Sheets), and all tailgate safety meetings\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0207: Subcontractor shall furnish all traffic control, flagmen, barricade, flashers, etc.\par
\tab
 as required to complete this scope of work.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0208: Subcontractor shall furnish required CALOSHA permit prior to start of Subcontractor's\par
\tab
 work (if required) \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
\par
0300: \tab
Pickup\par
\par
0301: \tab
Subcontractor shall be responsible for all pickup as related to this trade. \par
0302: Subcontractor shall respond within 48 hour notice to proceed with any pickup by Contractor's\par
\tab
 Superintendent.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0303: Should Subcontractor remove any other trades clips, braces, dotty plates, straps,\par
\tab
 lights or boxes during this operation, these items will be replaced correctly or Subcontr\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0304: Subcontractor shall provide all labor and equipment to remove and replace any unacceptable\par
\tab
 materials at no cost to Contractor.  \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
\par
0400: \tab
Cleanup\par
0401: Subcontractor shall provide cleanup to Contractor's containers or designated areas\par
\tab
 for collection and haul away by others.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0402: Subcontractor shall pile Subcontractor's waste and debris away from corridors, halls\par
\tab
 or paths of travel and sweep clean these areas and paths nightly. \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0403: Subcontractor shall box up and remove all trash generated by their finish installation\par
\tab
 crews on finish their operations.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0404: Subcontractor shall remove all unused and/or salvageable materials when substantially\par
\tab
 complete.\par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
0405: All miscellaneous debris will be taken to containers or piled in areas designated\par
\tab
 by the Contractor's Superintendent. \par
\tab
\par
\tab
\par
\par
Alternates\par
\par
\par
Exclusions\par
\par}
}